We will discuss the key conditions for success in
data science initiatives extensively throughout the course.
Nominally, data science is a candidate tool for
any problem for which there's data to support insight.
Data Science initiatives need not employ the most modern and complicated of models.
Often straightforward analytics provide
tremendous value and have
the added benefit of being relatively straightforward to implement.
In general, data science initiatives are most appropriate
when data to support the initiative is available and accessible.
When the initiative aligns with the strategic priorities of the organization.
When the organization has the right human capital to carry out the initiative.
When the organization has
the right technical architecture in place to support the initiative.